# Module

Once you have integrated the source code into your project, you can access several utilities, object constructors, and the main project runtime through it. Here are the exposed exports:

## Runtime

The default ascii.js export is the [Runtime](./RUNTIME.md) class.

```js
import Runtime from "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nottimtam/ascii.js/dist/bundle.esm.js";
```

## Other Exports

The other items exported from the ascii.js distribution are:

### Core

The core objects can be extended to create new object types, behaviors, and more.

-   [Core](./core/CORE.md) &mdash; The lowest level scene object.
-   [GameObject](./core/GAMEOBJECT.md) &mdash; A core object with extended features for displaying in a scene.
-   [Behavior](./core/BEHAVIOR.md) &mdash; An object that extends the features of a `GameObject`.

### Objects

These objects extend the `GameObject` class for quicker `Scene` implementation.

-   [Box](./objects/BOX.md) &mdash; An object that uses ASCII box-drawing characters to create a box on screen.
-   [Menu](./objects/MENU.md) &mdash; A simple interface for a user to select from a list of options.
-   [Text](./objects/TEXT.md) &mdash; A quick way to display a string of text to the screen.
-   [TextInput](./objects/TEXTINPUT.md) &mdash; A simple text input box to take user input.

### Behaviors

Behaviors extended the functionality of objects. You can create your own behaviors by `extend`ing the `Behavior` class.

-   [ScrollTo](./behaviors/SCROLLTO.md) &mdash; Forces the camera to scroll to this behavior's parent object's position.
-   [TopDownMovement](./behaviors/TOPDOWNMOVEMENT.md) &mdash; A quick way to add top-down user controls to an `GameObject`.

#### Animate Behavior

A subset of classes for animating an object over time.

-   [Animate](./behaviors/ANIMATE.md) &mdash; The main animation control object.
-   [Animation](./behaviors/ANIMATION.md) &mdash; A collection of frames and controls for how they are displayed.
-   [AnimationFrame](./behaviors/ANIMATIONFRAME.md) &mdash; A single frame of a `GameObject`s animation.

### Rendering

These classes are used for managing game scenes and displaying them on screen.

-   [Scene](./engine/SCENE.md) &mdash; A scene can be seen as an individual "level" or "window" in the game. It has its own renderer, input manager, and `GameObject`s.
-   [Layer](./rendering/LAYER.md) &mdash; A layer of objects in a scene. Layers are rendered one on top of the other.
-   [Frame](./rendering/FRAME.md) &mdash; Frames are generated by the renderer, they contain text and style data for rendering to the canvas.
-   [Pixel](./rendering/PIXEL.md) &mdash; A single character to be displayed on screen.
-   [PixelMesh](./rendering/PIXELMESH.md) &mdash; A grid of characters to display on screen.

### Utilities

These utility methods are used all over ascii.js to improve functionality beyond the methods included in JavaScript.

-   [AdvMath](./utilities/ADVMATH.md) &mdash; Math utilities beyond what is provided in JavaScripts `Math` class.
-   [dataUtils](./utilities/DATAUTILS.md) &mdash; Data management/manipulation utilities.

### Additional Exposed Exports

Just like all variables, methods, and arguments that start with double-underscores, these exports are exposed publicly, but should generally be avoided by those unfamiliar with them.

-   [\_\_Renderer](./engine/RENDERER.md) &mdash; Manages rendering of frames.
-   [\_\_LayerManager](./engine/LAYERMANAGER.md) &mdash; Manages individual renderer layers.
-   [\_\_InputManager](./engine/INPUTMANAGER.md) &mdash; Handles user inputs.
-   [\_\_AudioManager](./engine/AUDIOMANAGER.md) &mdash; Creates, manages, and plays `Sound`s.
-   [\_\_Sound](./engine/SOUND.md) &mdash; A controller for playing an individual sound.
-   [\_\_Camera](./engine/CAMERA.md) &mdash; Camera for controlling what is displayed in a frame.
